1.	Purchase topup component (https://brooklyn.atlassian.net/browse/ROAM-64)
	a. If top up type of "Monthly" then show the Number of days selection box
	b. If Payment method is "Registed credit card" then show the option if user does not have any saved card
	c. If "Send additional SMS message" is selected then enable the "Text message for additional SMS" field
	d. "Send additional SMS message" check box message should come in two line on small screen: Pending
	e. Add the hint out of 1000 char for "additional mesasge input" and it should update while typing
	f. Add the marLength of 1000 char for "additional mesasge input" 

--------------
git fetch && git checkout feature/ROAM-64-top-up-prepaid-static-screen ---------------
--------------
ROAM-64 [feature] Corrected the top up prepaid static screen
ROAM-64 [feature] Fixed the lint error
---------------	
	
3.	View option detail component (https://brooklyn.atlassian.net/browse/ROAM-37) : Pull request Comments
	a. Here you will show OptionsCategoryComponent.The component show all options filtered by specific category

	b. what is the difference between this component and sr-option-detail-dialog?
	George Tsopouridis
Exactly @Vaibhav Bhalla it seems that we invented a new component sr-option-detail-dialog that practically has the same logic and content like the option component but it is a dialog. The option component should be our dialog except if we have a dialog as a parent container that should inject/keep the option component inside. @Vaibhav Bhalla for now please change our existing option.component to be and behave as a dialog. This sr-option-detail-dialog is not required then.

	d. Why do you need the component? I can't see any reason why we need the componenet

	e. data should be predefined type, do not use any


	f. Rename this to options.
	
	g. options-category page (View all) it should use the option componet and generate the page
	h. Item should be one item and it should iterate in options and view all
	i. Scroll bar is not coming after making it seperate option

